Hey, good morning, family.
I'm excited you're here today.
Thank you for joining me.
We're going to pray and we're just going to get right into it, but I just wanted to show you all this little video right here that was sent to me by somebody about President Trump talking about freedom of religion and what he wants to do with America, and about Jesus and how radical he came out about his faith and about the Lord and everything.
This video right here blessed me so much because it's what I saw coming.
I believe a great stirring is coming inside of him, and so let's watch that video together right now, and you all tell me what you think about it down below.
I think you'll be excited about it.
I'm proud to be partnering with my very good friend Lee Greenwood.
Who doesn't love his song, 'God Bless the USA'?
In connection with promoting the God Bless the USA Bible.
This Bible is the King James Version and also includes our Founding Father documents—yes, the Constitution, which I'm fighting for every single day very hard to keep Americans protected.
Also, the Bill of Rights, the Declaration of Independence, and the Pledge of Allegiance are all part of this God Bless the USA Bible, and it is just very important, and very important to me.
I want to have a lot of people have it.
You have to have it for your heart, for your soul.
Many of you have never read them and don't know the liberties and rights you have as Americans and how you are being threatened to lose those rights.
It's happening all the time.
It's a very sad thing that's going on in our country, but we're going to get it turned around.
Religion and Christianity are the biggest things missing from this country, and I truly believe that we need to bring them back, and we have to bring them back fast.
I think it's one of the biggest problems we have; that's why our country is going haywire.
We've lost religion in our country.
All Americans need a Bible in their home, and I have many.
It's my favorite book; it's a lot of people's favorite book.
This Bible is a reminder that the biggest thing we have to bring back America and to make America great again is our religion.
Religion is so important; it's so missing, but it's going to come back, and it's going to come back strong, just like our country is going to come back strong.
In the end, we do not answer to bureaucrats in Washington; we answer to God in heaven.
Christians are under siege.
We must protect content that is pro-God.
We love God, and we have to protect anything that is pro-God.
We must defend God in the public square and not allow the media or the left-wing groups to silence, censor, or discriminate against us.
We have to bring Christianity back into our lives and back into what will be again a great nation.
Our founding fathers did a tremendous thing when they built America on Judeo-Christian values.
Now that foundation is under attack perhaps as never before.
What can we do?
Stand up, speak out, and pray that God will bless America again.
I'm proud to endorse and encourage you to get this Bible.
We must make America pray again.
Pray, get educated, get motivated, and stand with me and the legions of Americans asking God to bless our great nation, to bring our great nation back and to make America greater again.
I'm proud to partner with Lee in this offering.
He's a very special man, both as a talent but maybe even more so as a human being.
He's very, very special, and I think you all should get a copy of the God Bless the USA Bible now and help spread our Christian values with others.
There you have it.
Let's make America pray again.
God bless you and God bless the USA.
Wasn't that awesome—what happened and what he said?
Ladies and gentlemen, that is a breakthrough to have a man of power like him, a president soon to be, speak and say those things.
Wasn't that exciting?
Praise God!
I told you revival is coming on the Senate floor.
I saw revival coming in the House.
I saw a move of God.
I saw creative miracles taking place on the Senate floor, ladies and gentlemen, and people getting born again.
I saw certain people getting born again and radically born again in the near future.
I don't know when it will be, but I know that there will be a day when there's mega prayer on the Senate floor—mega prayer, not just little patty-cake Christianity prayer.
I'm talking about radical prayer.
And people say, 'Are you a prophet?
' and ladies and gentlemen, I'll say it again: I do not see myself as a prophetic voice.
People compare me to Kim Clement and say, 'Well, Kim Clement doesn't sway on his words.
' Kim Clement wasn't a Watchman, he was a prophet.
So regardless of whether you want to label me or whatever, I've never labeled myself as a prophet.
I label myself as a Watchman.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to bring up a million-prayer army on this YouTube platform, bringing forth a million people to pray every day for the nations and for the world.
' I believe we're going to do that, and that's my goal.
In 2025, we're going to pray and we're going to seek the Lord every single day.
We're going to take communion and we're going to pray over the things that the Lord has us to pray for.
And if I see something and I believe we can change the direction of something by the spirit of God, and He tells me we can and He says, 'Brandon, bring this to the prayer army,' because I consider you all an army.
We're an army of the most high God.
We are able to, like an icebreaker, go through the ice and break up all the ice that's been set there for maybe hundreds of years, going into uncharted territory.
Folks, I believe with all my heart we have authority to do that, and I'm excited.
I'm glad you come every single day to pray with me, and I believe we have great things to do, great work to be done.
But I'm still believing for Elon Musk's salvation, a radical conversion for Elon Musk, and for the Starlink technology to come to the Lord—to use that to spread the gospel throughout the whole world because He said when My gospel is preached throughout the whole world and the kingdom is taught, then the end will come.
So let's get the gospel preached, folks, and let people know about Jesus Christ coming.
All the other stuff—who cares?
Our job is not to care about all this crap.
I see all of it and I'm warning you about it, but my focus is on Jesus and the revival.
We need to get the harvest in, and we are the laborers and we get the harvest in and we are bringing in all the people that Jesus tells us to witness to so that the end will come and we have a massive revival.
All this other turmoil and all this other fear—it's just fear.
A lot of it is the way you handle it, not me, but you, because it doesn't bother me.
I see it and I warn you.
And so, how you handle this?
I'm warning you about it and we see all this stuff because people are freaked out about their money.
You start talking about people's money and they get plum nuts and they go, 'Oh my God, I got to have my money.
I got to have my groceries.
I got to have my candy bar.
I got to have my stuff.
' And you go, 'Well, I don't want to do without,' and you go, 'When is this coming?
Oh my God, I got to get my stuff out of the bank.
' I never said that.
Pray.
Never act in fear.
Never move in fear.
You've got to just get your feet down in the foundation in the Word.
I want to take communion with y'all and we're going to believe God today for Elon Musk again, and we're going to believe for Mitch McConnell not to be a RINO, okay?
We're going to believe for him to stand with the Republicans and vote and help Trump out to get his cabinet in order because I've heard—my wife told me somebody said a thing about Tucker Carlson saying that Mitch McConnell is wanting to go against the Trump administration and was trying to do bad things, and it's supposed to be next week or something.
And I was like, 'Oh my gosh, the devil doesn't give up.
' He doesn't rest, folks.
He's stirring up something because I know he knows his time is short and he knows what's coming, and he's going to try with all he can to try to delay or hinder or mess up the master plan of God.
But he is defeated and we have to take our authority and we have to pray.
We need four more seats to take over the House, but we don't want it just by one seat; we need it by several because we don't want to have to deal with bozos flipping.
We need people that have backbone and power.
So Father, we thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us, and we take this, Father, in the name of Jesus and we believe, Father, that You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, Father, and I thank You, Father, that by Your stripes we're healed.
I believe that every single person who is represented here today is healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Father, that You touch their bodies right now from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I thank You, Father, for divine protection over every single one of us—that You have major angels that protect us.
I thank You for every single one of us that we have angels that watch over us and protect us and that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We believe we receive that divine protection today.
We believe we receive divine healing today, Father.
So we just lift up this body before You, and as we take it, Lord, we know that You said You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes we are healed.
And we take this in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Father, that You became sick so that we don't have to have sickness.
What You bore in Your body, Lord, You bore it all for us.
We don't have to bear it in our body.
We're not under the curse.
We're not under a curse.
Jesus has set us free.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, I thank You for the blood, for You said if we make much of the blood, Lord, the blood will make much of us.
I thank You, Father, for no fear, for perfect love casteth out all fear because fear has torment.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're a God of love and You love us and You gave Your Son and that He died for us and He rose again on the third day.
And Father, when He shed His blood, it took away all my sins because You said if I confess my sins, He is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And I am a joint heir with You.
I have everything that You have; I have it on this earth.
I lack no good thing.
And I thank You for Your blood, Lord.
I thank You, Father, that Your blood protects me from terrorist attacks, no calamity, no shooters, no nothing.
They all—I'm all covered because of Your angels, because of Your blood, because of Your hand.
You watch over me and my wife and my children.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us, and I thank You, Father, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we won't follow.
We plead the blood over our ears.
We don't hear bad things, spirits, demonic voices, or torment, but we hear Your voice, the Good Shepherd.
And I plead the blood over my spiritual ears.
I plead the blood over my mind, for I have the mind of Christ.
According to Second Timothy 1:7, God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and of a well-balanced mind.
And I plead the blood over my ears right now that I hear You and I will not hear a demonic spirit that will lead me astray, because Father, You said I could hear You and I hear You clearly.
And I speak to my spiritual ears: hear clearly in Jesus' name.
I bind you off of it, devil; you cannot torment me.
And I thank You, Father, that I always hear You clearly.
So, Father, I plead the blood from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, and I thank You for the blood that covers me and my wife and my children and my finances.
I plead the blood over my finances.
I plead the blood over my house.
I plead the blood over our sleep.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
No calamity comes nigh in Jesus' name.
Everybody say, 'Amen' and 'Amen' on that.
Well, praise the Lord for communion.
So Father, we just lift up Elon Musk to You right now and we thank You, Father.
You said pray for him for 20 days.
We lift him up before You, Father, and I thank You, Father, that he will have a supernatural visitation from You—that there will be divine appointments that he walks into and he doesn't even know he will.
I thank You, Father, for a hedge of protection around him—that Father, You've called him to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And Father, I call for his eyes to be flooded with light according to Ephesians.
I thank You, Lord, that You said in Your word that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers, and we call those blinders off right now in Jesus' name—off of Elon Musk and all those that are around him.
I speak light to flood his eyes in a supernatural way, Father, that he would have eyes to see and a heart to receive You.
I pray for his heart to be pliable in Jesus' name, that Father, he hears You and a stranger's voice he will not follow.
That Father, he will not be tormented by this demonic spirit speaking to him anymore concerning his life, concerning his future, binding him up.
Yes, the devil's had his hand trying to destroy him, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that there is a plan for him, Father, to serve You.
And I thank You, Lord, that he has wisdom to turn this around, Father—supernatural wisdom we may have not even thought of, creative ideas to bring people to Jesus Christ.
And I thank You, Father, that he would be the greatest soul-winner this world has ever known with his influence of who he is.
I thank You, Father, that You would anoint him as a super celebrity, all for the glory of God, for the kingdom of God.
I thank You, Father, that people would want to know, 'What is it that's changed about you?
' because the glory of God is on him, that they would see him and go, 'There's something different about you, Elon.
There's something different,' because the glory is radiating out of him like the light.
And Father's coming on him, and I thank You, Father—that's the kind of a radical conversion that he will have, that there will be no doubt at all that Elon Musk has gotten born again, and he will know, and he'll be the greatest mouthpiece of this generation, Father, I think even greater than Billy Graham.
That Father, there'll be a supernatural turn of events in his life, even with his son that got to be transgender, Father, there'll be a turnaround even in that.
I thank You, Father, that there's a turnaround in the family, a turnaround over these people in Jesus' name.
We call restoration over his heart, Father, that what the devil meant for bad, Father, You're going to turn it for good.
You'll turn, Father, his heart around, and Father, You'll bring restoration of all things clear back from a child—restoration of all things.
I thank You, Father, that You—Father, we draw him in by the blood.
We draw him in, Father, bringing people across his path to keep planting and watering the seed.
I thank You, Father, that he has a manifestation of the Holy Spirit in his house—something just to let him know.
Love, the passion and the love of the Father would show him, for You said it's the goodness of God that draws people to repentance.
And I thank You, Father.
I thank You, Father, for Elon Musk.
I thank You, Father, that he will be a mouthpiece for You.
And I tell you, Satan, you let him go in Jesus' name!
And we plead the blood of Jesus all around him, that he would have a revelation knowledge of Jesus Christ and Father, even the women that are around him, Father, the Jezebels that have been sent to try to destroy him—I thank You that You remove them.
We believe that they'll be saved, or You remove them.
Thank You, Father.
Now, God, I thank You for President Trump.
I pray a hedge of protection around and about him right now in the name of Jesus, and I thank You for his wife and his children—that they get refreshed.
I am praying for a refreshing for him, a refreshing, Father, for his mind and his emotions.
He's pushed so hard over this last year, Lord.
I thank You for restoration before he steps into being President, Father, from this time and then, that Father, there'll be a time of a reprieve to get some rest.
I thank You, Father, that You would restore him up and bring him up, Father, because he's not a young spring chicken anymore; he's getting elderly.
And Father, we ask, Father, that You keep him strong, strong like You did Moses.
I thank You, Father, that his eyes will not fade, that the glory of the Lord will sustain his body.
The glory of the Lord would sustain his heart and his arteries and his liver and his kidneys and his body and his mind, that his mind will not fade, that his mind will remain sharp and strong even as he gets older, for they say he'll be the oldest president ever elected.
And Lord, I pray, Father, that his youth is renewed like the eagles, and You fill his mouth with good things.
I thank You, Father, that his mind is renewed and that, Father, he will lean on and trust in and be confident in the Lord Jesus Christ.
I thank You, Father, that his blood pressure, his blood sugar, everything is whole and healed and well.
I pray, Father, over his health—that he is stronger and he's wiser than he's ever been, and that, Father, he will live to 120.
I pray for a restoration over his cells because just like the children of Israel, their bodies did not grow old; they were renewed day to day because of the glory.
And I thank You, Father, the glory rests on him.
The glory will rest on him and keep him, keep his wife, keep his children, keep Baron, Father.
I thank You, Lord, that Baron would find You at a young age, Father—a super radical conversion of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Even in Ivanka and all over her husband Jared, over his two sons, I thank You, Father, that his sons would even know You, and their wives, Father.
I thank You—the whole family—that this will be a turning point for the Trumps, a new generation of believers coming from this family like never before.
Father, I see what the devil's tried to do even with Mitch McConnell, and I ask You, Father, to remove this.
This is an obstacle that is trying to come in to try to be a roadblock, and I ask You, Father, right now to remove it in the name of Jesus.
Let the fear of the Lord rest on them.
The hand of the Lord rest on this—a weightiness of Your presence, a weightiness, Father, of that heaviness of knowing, 'I've messed up.
I don't want to lose my life.
I don't want to do bad.
I want to follow You.
' Father, that this will not hinder the master plan and the hand of God on this nation because of one man.
Father, You said You harden the heart of Pharaoh.
Now, God, I thank You that You would soften this man's heart.
I thank You, Father, that You soften this man's heart.
If You can harden the heart of Pharaoh, You can soften the heart of Mitch McConnell and the RINOs around him.
I call a softness to this situation in the name of Jesus, that Father, Your hand is moving in behalf of the American people even yet still.
Father, there's work to be done, and I pray over the House of Representatives that it wins more than eight seats—Father, we need three or four more—and I call those in, plus four more in the name of Jesus.
Father, I believe we receive, and there will be a turn of events now in Jesus' name.
Just like You showed me in the vision of Kari Lake, Father, I call for her to repent for standing in compromise of any area, and Father, that she would go strong.
And I saw the 23,000 votes that she needed—I don't know how many she needs right now—but Lord, we ask Father to turn this around in the name of Jesus, that she was to stand strong and that this would finish in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're moving in behalf of this in Jesus' name, and that all hidden things be revealed in Arizona.
All hidden things be revealed in Arizona!
And Father, we believe, Father, that this is coming to pass now.
It's been seven days; it's time, it's passed.
They're doing this on purpose, and Father, I call forth an exposing of this in Jesus' name, that Your mighty hand is moving still in this election and that it finishes and that they will not hold this hostage any longer.
Let it go now in Jesus' name!
And Father, we thank You, Lord, Father, we call forth revival in the Senate, we call revival in the House, we call revival in the nations around this earth.
That Father, there is a mighty harvest, and Father, we pray, Father, that there will be no virus, no plague, no nothing, come in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Father.
I thank You, Father, that we will not have a major virus again in 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028.
That Father, there is not a plan to take down the dollar anymore; Father, that we averted it in Jesus' name.
Father, that You would have Your way as we bless Israel.
I know what I've seen, Lord, but You said if there be 50 righteous, Lord, Father, just like You did for Abraham.
Father, I thank You, Lord, but Father, I don't want my kids having to go through like a Great Depression.
I don't want to walk through that, Lord.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that whatever it takes, though, to bring in the harvest is what I've asked You—whatever it takes, Lord.
But You said You would always provide for Your beloved.
You said You would always take care of us.
And so, Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your great protection over us in Jesus' name.
That Father, Your hand of provision is on this nation.
Father, You said You were going to give an extended time, but You said four years—what will you do with that four years?
So Lord, I thank You, Father, that You can turn it through crypto, through the oils, through all of it—gas—for creative ideas that we don't even know about.
Father, there's many, many ways in Jesus' name!
There's many, many ways in Jesus' name to turn things around, Lord!
I thank You, Father, we don't want to keep going with the status quo with America and the darkness.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, there'll be a great shaking to awaken, for Father, we will need even in the next four years after the—in the midterm, in the next two years—to keep things going like we should, and then in 2028, Father, we believe it.
Father, we believe, Father, that this is just the beginning of a great thing.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this land and over our homes and around us, Father, that there is no super—any kind of attack, terrorist attacks, nothing over the Thanksgiving Day parade.
Lord, we pray over the Thanksgiving Day parade, Father, we pray over the shopping, people going Christmas shopping, and Father, the malls are protected—no casualties, no shootings, no nothing.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every mall as the people are going in there, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, that we have authority over terrorist attacks, we have authority over things that people try to inflict harm.
That Father, they—we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places, and it's the demonic spirits that are influencing these people.
So Father, we take authority over them and we say in the name of Jesus, you will not cause havoc or chaos or any kind of riots or nothing.
There will be peace in the name of Jesus, and there will be a peaceful transition of power in the name of Jesus—none of this nonsense that we saw on January the 6th last time, Father, with people acting crazy.
I call peace in the name of Jesus!
Father, I thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father, there's peace, there's joy, and we have fun and we enjoy life.
I thank You that we have life and life more abundantly, Father—that we enjoy this Christmas season.
Father, people say, 'Do you celebrate Christmas?
' Yes, I love the Lord; it's Jesus's time.
We're going to celebrate Jesus.
We're going to celebrate Jesus; He is the reason for the season.
Jesus, we thank You, Lord, for Your season.
We thank You, Lord, for Thanksgiving.
We give You thanksgiving—this is what a time to be thankful, on Thanksgiving, for what He's done.
To even have a super thanks!
Thank You, Lord, for even being thankful, thankful, thankful for what He's doing in this land.
What a time to rejoice even more this Thanksgiving, in the next couple weeks.
What a time to celebrate even more with your family that God is turning around things.
Revival is coming to Africa, revival is coming to Europe, revival is coming to Asia and all of the areas in South America.
There is revival coming to Russia, China—all of it.
Father, we give You praise that even revival will come to the islands, North Korea, South Korea.
God, I thank You, Lord, for supernatural visitations and manifestations of Your glory for healings, and Father, signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
And everybody say, 'Amen' and 'Amen.
' I believe I've gone almost an hour now, so I just want to tell you all thank you for joining me again today.
We'll join again tomorrow, and I'll try, y'all, not to talk so much so that we pray more because we've got to get stuff done.
I thank you for joining me today; I really do.
I hope this video blessed you.
If it did, please like and subscribe; it really blesses our family.
Y'all, we're getting the gospel spread throughout the whole world literally.
People are getting saved and set free, healed, delivered from all kinds of things.
They tell us—my wife gets the emails—we've had a lot of great emails from people having some really cool healings and amazing testimonies.
And so I'll have some of them—I was going to let her read those maybe tomorrow about some of the people that are getting touched on this broadcast.
Because it's encouraging to hear some of your brothers and sisters that are getting set free by the power of the Lord from bad dreams, all kinds of things—night night terrors, not being able to sleep at night.
People getting set free from a lot of things, and so it's exciting to see the hand of the Lord moving on people's lives.
And I believe today is your day for your healing.
I'm excited for you.
I believe that as you watch, Jesus is touching you, that there are maybe things you walk away with today and you go, 'Man, I feel lighter, I feel happier, I feel that I can make it today.
' I hope that was what we brought to you today, that you have a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
That's what we want to do every single time.
So if you could, like the video, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things, comment something nice down below.
So we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
I hope this video blessed you all, and we will see you again tomorrow.
Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we will see you again tomorrow for day 30.
I think it's day 30, y'all.
We made it to 30 days!
It seems like it's been a lot longer but, well, praise the Lord.
We're going to keep going—31, 32, 33, 34—all the way to hundreds or whatever He wants us to do until He says, 'Hey, stop doing it.
' Well, praise the Lord.
I hope this blessed you today.
Have a great day and we'll see you again tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.